the Italian cup returns Verona against the black beast
spice up the same team that threw the hellas is tied up reverse 10
wedge like Verona with bowl on
for right band plays with free flounces and you can
the incredible cross @ we are sheltered from the area of ​​rigor still spoken words
bellbasket iva
and so balloon out a little, by the way, choose
and even offside as this image shows us nothing done then
pears and the word result always pasted on the zanatta a person
minute 61 but what happens because
it goes away with a double bowl pitch
that puts the evil right knee irlup
is immediately falls to the ground you see
and it is understood that the injury can also be very serious or practical
bowl hurts itself almost alone rather practically alone still another
change in the ranks of the brown we have now switched to the 69th fish
Campisi who worked a lot with camp life
- as for reduced quality midfielder of Verona and enter
filippo pensalfini
that will give an important hand to the 100 lela field you can stay here, though
tension works very badly here the elastic of Verona with turnip and that
very bad face on should now risk a lot we are at
seventieth look a little what raffaele combines and then hiss
forced to put the ball in a corner
a very big smear of the defense of terror in the space for a hair does not go
and it comes to the advantage here instead of hissing the ball out here on very little
developments
of a corner kick always hurl very dangerous when it goes up to the area
opposing tractor that finally shows up after a period in the shade
even song here in the center of the area thinks of getting this done
then inverted the two brothers somehow
the door of the spice still occurs forward for hour kanji
splendid support
quarrata and with half and then pug the villa verona throw very close to
the 1 to 0 verona still
unfortunate in me this occasion was also good the other i
players but pee need help
to take this free kick first decelerates then acerra diana put
down barnaba for punishment
an out of very little face fist attention goes away as zac la
ball inside
reserve
so let's get to the ninetieth result of 0 0
you have 5 elementary times but pay attention to the speck and we are 97 simone here
very good rubber soul of the owner still though
the spice that comes forward until the contract is concluded is that it raises the
balloon over torazza still umbria great opportunity for the team of
home the red mullet corner kick from the right the beautiful extreme spice
vote for the face of the captain who comes back to the Verona I wanted to do
goes to beat this corner kick we are accent 11th minute
of this incredible game
crazy look at you reserved
there is so much grass
about a
d
no
but mere paas the first official dance this season that will want to
salty look at how you make space on the evening
really shadow really
l the penalty area 1 to 0 for Verona
from what the space for this action
for this conclusion of scabini for the parade of the spice concierge
now it really is
this game is always over a zero for Verona
and it's over
free now the turn round starts the summer season well play
Sunday
9 habbo I'm against, piacenza